Unhide `local` and `keepDocker` option + improve docs (#1756)
fern-api/fern: packages/docs/mintlify/compiler/fern-generate.mdx

fern generate --group <group name>
```

> _For local runs, you can use the `--local` option. More on this [here](/compiler/cli-reference.md#fern-generate---group-group---version-version)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the generators locally (rather than in the cloud), you can use the [`--local` option](/compiler/cli-reference.md#fern-generate---group-group---version-version).
```
